once affordability at least one thing
round here delivers it get flanges lows
forty dollars per month only will cable
and wireless broadband
hi I'm Tiffany cruise with Club tortuga
nights i'm standing outside calico jacks
with are having their monthly full moon
party you dressing your best and you
party on the beach one of the full moon
anything can happen let's go take a look
hey
Oh
Here I am with Rebecca she's
representative from Heineken can you
tell us a little bit about yes
definitely we're here tonight with the
Heineken full moon party it's amazing
party etiquette is the first beer that
started that whole entire formal party
so we look forward to having many more
panic and sponsorships with this morning
and also we're going to do a lot more in
the future a lot with my de- it's very
exciting and treat more Heineken is
great I must say they do draw some crazy
parties did you get yourself wet in the
film yet no but I'm about to go the foam
is green estrella honey
you
I
everybody's getting down and dirty on
the smart
everybody
I
we are wrapping up another full moon
party we'd like to thank her again for
being such great sponsors and sponsoring
the whole event I'm Tiffany cruises what
door to get nice and we'll see you back
next month thanks